---
layout: post
title:  "Day to remember"
date:   2012-11-16
categories: random
---

Since September 28th of this year, my grandfather has been in the hospital for diverticulitis. A few weeks ago, he was then transferred into a physical rehabilitation center. Today, I’m so happy to say that he has made a full recovery, and has completely returned home officially. He’s been home every now and then for a few hours, but now he’s permanently here. His house, where I spent most of my childhood years at, is where my mom and I have been staying at since September, to take care of my dog. Last December we moved out of here, to a nearby town down the road, so I could attend high school there, because the high school in my hometown is too dangerous, and has a 30% graduation rate. Next week, we’ll be returning back to our apartment, and continuing things the way they were when we left them. It’s been a long and tiring time recently, and again, I couldn’t be happier to say that it’s all over now. Tonight, we had some surprise guests over (they just showed up) in honor of my grandfather’s returning to the block. The mayor of my home city was there, all my neighbors, and most of the Orthodox Jewish men from all over the city were here too. Frankly, I’ve never seen my grandfather happier to be around all these great people. They all sang to him, and we all danced too! The crowd dispersed about an hour ago, and then my OCD took effect when I was cleaning up, so I made sure everything was nice and tidy like usual. That basically concludes tonight’s excitement. As far as programming goes, I’ve been looking into some internships, since I’ve heard you benefit and learn more that way. I’ve also been messing around with some personal projects recently as well. Still hoping I get some inspiration for a new game soon, that I’ll be ready to tackle in the making. That’s all everyone, have a great weekend!