---
layout: post
title:  "CS Club"
date:   2013-08-16
categories: school
---

Ever since I found out my high school offered computer science last year, I was all over it. I read the page (which has no information on it at all), harassed my teachers, and put in an early request to have that class in the upcoming semester. First semester of my sophomore year I took Computer Science I. We learned 1998 Visual Basic programming. Classic, right. Needless to say, I still loved it. I wish it were still the early 90s or late 80s, when tech was still just getting fired up. After working with VB, I quickly realized that it was so much easier to work with and less resource-intensive (go figure). The language was so efficient as well as easy to use. My friends [Joey](http://joeyvillanueva.tumblr.com/) and [Liam](http://liamcarney.com/) were also in my class, and we frequently banded together to build things. We helped each other solve some basic problems and fixed each others' code before handing in assignments. It was a lot of fun.

After the first semester ended that year, we headed into the second semester, which sucked. I missed being able to write code the last period of the day, but I never took it for granted. So anyway, on to the reason of this post. Soon after CS I, I thought of an idea. Why not start a CS club for kids who are actually interested in learning more? It would be an after school club for anybody who wanted to drop in and build something. I've already written an email to my guidance counselor concerning the topic. She then forwarded it to most of the head faculty in my school. So from here it looks pretty good for the CS club.

Recently I've been planning out how the club would actually function. I can almost see my vision before me of exactly how it'd be. A small computer lab off to the side of the dark hallway after school hours. A bright-lit room filled with desktops, laptops, notebooks, and whiteboards. A room with a perfectly-sized group of kids hanging out and having fun. Then me, just chilling on my laptop hacking up some new software while sipping a coffee. I know it sounds silly (which it should, sort of) but it's my dream for this to occur. I know I can make this a reality, and as of now, it's all about waiting until September.