---
layout: post
title:  "Random"
date:   2013-03-12
categories: random
---

This is actually my first post here that’s written in awhile. It’s a bit off my blog theme, but I just wanted to log it. For awhile now, I don’t know what’s wrong with me. I’m never satisfied with anything I do. I can take 3 months creating a game, and when it’s done I’ll hate it. I can create a new Minecraft world, and a few days later be bored of it and hate it. I can start a game server, run it for a week, then hate it. Then a week later I’ll have an urge to do it again, and the cycle continues. I hate it. I can’t stand never being satisfied with anything. It started when I wanted to go to school in Jackson when I was in 8th grade. I always told my mom I hated my middle school in Lakewood, and I couldn’t wait to graduate. After I did, we moved to Jackson so I didn’t have to go to Lakewood High School. Once we moved to Jackson, I was excited to be with people I liked, and be back in public school. After a few months in, I started hating it. I couldn’t want for freshman year to end. I haven’t seen most of my old friends from middle school in 2 years. We all don’t talk anymore really. My best friend doesn’t have any time left for me anymore after he’s been caught up with his new friends. I’m usually working or at home alone sometimes working on some project I’ll give up on by a week later. I don’t get what’s wrong with me, and it scares me. I get worked up easily when I’m overwhelmed, and I feel like I constantly work hard for nothing. In school I just feel like I don’t fit in. I feel extremely awkward and uncomfortable 75% of the time there, and I don’t feel like I belong there. I’m sorry if this was a bit personal, I just don’t get myself.