---
layout: post
title:  "Birthday"
date:   2013-09-04
categories: random
---

Good morning everyone, hope you're all off to a great start this morning as I am. Today's my 17th birthday and I can't believe it! I'm spending the day working at the office until later, when I'm going out for sushi with my mom. I'm extremely tired, probably due to the fact I fell asleep past 12:30 this morning, and because I've been getting up early all week for work. Tomorrow morning at 9 I go for my driving test to get my license, and I couldn't be more excited. Nervous as hell, but extremely excited. I already have a car that I will be using, that we purchased from my neighbor a few years ago. I'm very thankful to have a working vehicle at the time I get my license, and I'm excited to start using it as well.

School is also starting in a few days on September 9th, which I am also pretty excited for. I'm in classes that I like a lot, so it should be a fun year. This is also the most important year of high school as well, so all my effort will really count this time. I'm taking a technical problem solving class first period, and Computer Science II fourth period during the first semester. I am so excited to go back into CS, I missed it a lot. My good friend [Joey](http://joeyvillanueva.tumblr.com/) and I will definitely be working together to solve code problems throughout the semester, which will be awesome. I am also looking forward to learning more and bettering my skills during the upcoming schoolyear.